[Autogenerated] throughout the moment, the application has no security at all.
We have no concept of users,
so the first thing we need to do is to add a user's table to the database.
And we do that using migrations.
If you remember, migrations are in the Migrations folder in common.
They went up to number three,
so we're going to add a new file and call this four.
Create users Table SQL.
The SQL looks like this.
Create a table called users.
It has an IDE field, which is an auto increment field.
First name, last name email on password and IDE is the primary key Now.
The password is not stored in plain text here,
but it will be stored in the database.
And we'll talk about how we store and manage passwords.
As we go through this module as well as the users table,
we now need to associate the articles that the user has with that user.
We need to modify the article stable sort of do that.
We add a new migration.
This was called ad user column to articles table.
The SQL for that will look like this.
You have to alter table commands one to add the user ID column
to articles and make sure it's not null. I want to add the foreign key between the articles, table and users table.